README.md, before:

# Ubuntu Desktop in Vagrant

Provision consistent and reproducible Ubuntu desktop environment using Vagrant.

<https://gitlab.com/brlin/ubuntu-desktop-vagrant>  
[![The GitLab CI pipeline status badge of the project's `main` branch](https://gitlab.com/brlin/ubuntu-desktop-vagrant/badges/main/pipeline.svg?ignore_skipped=true "Click here to check out the comprehensive status of the GitLab CI pipelines")](https://gitlab.com/brlin/ubuntu-desktop-vagrant/-/pipelines) [![GitHub Actions workflow status badge](https://github.com/brlin-tw/ubuntu-desktop-vagrant/actions/workflows/check-potential-problems.yml/badge.svg "GitHub Actions workflow status")](https://github.com/brlin-tw/ubuntu-desktop-vagrant/actions/workflows/check-potential-problems.yml) [![pre-commit enabled badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white "This project uses pre-commit to check potential problems")](https://pre-commit.com/) [![REUSE Specification compliance badge](https://api.reuse.software/badge/gitlab.com/brlin/ubuntu-desktop-vagrant "This project complies to the REUSE specification to decrease software licensing costs")](https://api.reuse.software/info/gitlab.com/brlin/ubuntu-desktop-vagrant)

## References

The following material are referenced during the development of this project:

* [A simple Vagrantfile to setup Ubuntu desktop environment with Google Chrome and Japanese input](https://gist.github.com/niw/bed28f823b4ebd2c504285ff99c1b2c2)  
  The inspiration of this project.

## Licensing

Unless otherwise noted(individual file's header/[REUSE.toml](REUSE.toml)), this product is licensed under [the MIT license](https://opensource.org/license/mit).

This work complies to [the REUSE Specification](https://reuse.software/spec/), refer the [REUSE - Make licensing easy for everyone](https://reuse.software/) website for info regarding the licensing of this product.

Commit message:

docs(README): Write Prerequisites section
Signed-off-by: 林博仁(Buo-ren Lin) <buo.ren.lin@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Ubuntu Desktop in Vagrant

Provision consistent and reproducible Ubuntu desktop environment using Vagrant.

<https://gitlab.com/brlin/ubuntu-desktop-vagrant>  
[![The GitLab CI pipeline status badge of the project's `main` branch](https://gitlab.com/brlin/ubuntu-desktop-vagrant/badges/main/pipeline.svg?ignore_skipped=true "Click here to check out the comprehensive status of the GitLab CI pipelines")](https://gitlab.com/brlin/ubuntu-desktop-vagrant/-/pipelines) [![GitHub Actions workflow status badge](https://github.com/brlin-tw/ubuntu-desktop-vagrant/actions/workflows/check-potential-problems.yml/badge.svg "GitHub Actions workflow status")](https://github.com/brlin-tw/ubuntu-desktop-vagrant/actions/workflows/check-potential-problems.yml) [![pre-commit enabled badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white "This project uses pre-commit to check potential problems")](https://pre-commit.com/) [![REUSE Specification compliance badge](https://api.reuse.software/badge/gitlab.com/brlin/ubuntu-desktop-vagrant "This project complies to the REUSE specification to decrease software licensing costs")](https://api.reuse.software/info/gitlab.com/brlin/ubuntu-desktop-vagrant)

## Prerequisites

The following prerequisites must be match in order to use this solution:

* The host system must have the following software installed and has its commands available in the command search PATHs:
    + OPTIONAL - (Your preferred archive extraction application/utility)  
      For extracting the downloaded product release archive.
    + OPTIONAL - (Your preferred HTTPS client/Web browser)  
      For downloading the product release archive.
    + Vagrant  
      For provisioning the virtual machine that runs the Ubuntu desktop environment.
    + Oracle VirtualBox(must be in a version that your Vagrant installation supports, as of 2024/10/25 it is 7.0.\*)
* The host system must have access to the Internet in order to retrieve the virtual machine image and other guest packages.

## References

The following material are referenced during the development of this project:

* [A simple Vagrantfile to setup Ubuntu desktop environment with Google Chrome and Japanese input](https://gist.github.com/niw/bed28f823b4ebd2c504285ff99c1b2c2)  
  The inspiration of this project.

## Licensing

Unless otherwise noted(individual file's header/[REUSE.toml](REUSE.toml)), this product is licensed under [the MIT license](https://opensource.org/license/mit).

This work complies to [the REUSE Specification](https://reuse.software/spec/), refer the [REUSE - Make licensing easy for everyone](https://reuse.software/) website for info regarding the licensing of this product.
